Create README.md (#172)
onnx/sigs: optimizations/README.md

<!--- SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 -->

# ONNX Optimization Special Interest Group (SIG)

> This is the working repo for the Optimization Special Interest Group (SIG), which is responsible for solutions to optimize ONNX models, including model compression techniques (e.g. quantization, pruning, distillation, etc.) The optimization solutions investigated by this SIG predominantly operates on ONNX core files as defined by the Architecture & Infrastructure SIG and uses ONNX operations as defined by the Operator SIG - i.e. ONNX as input, optimization on ONNX file(s), ONNX as output. This SIG is open to techniques developed in any relevant, open-sourced optimization frameworks and capabilities and may sponsor projects that work in specific optimization frameworks. This SIG also invite discussions on making the ONNX standard more amendable to ONNX optimization technologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the working repo for the Optimization Special Interest Group (SIG), which is responsible for solutions to optimize ONNX models, including model compression techniques (e.g. quantization, pruning, distillation). The optimization solutions investigated by this SIG predominantly operate on ONNX core files as defined by the Architecture & Infrastructure SIG and use ONNX operations as defined by the Operator SIG - i.e. ONNX as input, optimization on ONNX file(s), ONNX as output. This SIG is open to techniques developed in any relevant, open-sourced optimization frameworks and capabilities and may sponsor projects that work in specific optimization frameworks. This SIG also invite discussions on making the ONNX standard more amendable to ONNX optimization technologies.
```

> 

Author: Updated comment towards end of opening description for this

Feedbacks and contributions of other optimization tools are welcome and encouraged for discussion at the monthly meetings.

## Slack channel
Please sign up at https://slack.lfai.foundation/ and join [onnx-optimization](https://lfaifoundation.slack.com/archives/C05GKQH0H34) channel.
<!--- slack channels to be created / renamed if proposal is accepted -->

## SIG Lead(s)

* Freddy Chiu (Intel)
* 

## Logistics

* SIG lead(s) will drive the monthly Optimization SIG meeting.
* Meeting annoucement will be posted in our Slack channel.
* Specific Optimization-SIG projects may meet at a higher frequency.
  * SIG lead(s) may delegate leadership of project meetings to their respective project technical lead(s).
  * Monthly Optimization SIG meetings may take place at the begining of a specific project meeting.
* Feedbacks and topic requests are welcome by all.

## Discussion

* Slack channel https://lfaifoundation.slack.com/archives/C05GKQH0H34
* Documents and artifacts: https://github.com/onnx/sigs/tree/master/optimizations

## Meeting notes

* Optimization SIG meeting notes are kept in the [meeting](meetings) folder. 

## Current projects(s)
* ONNX Optimizer

>   * [GitHub](github-github-link-to-be-updated)

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/onnx/optimizer

> * Intel Neural Compressor: Intel optimizer tool offering compression techniques such as quantization, pruning (sparsity), distillation, and neural architecture search.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/onnx/optimizer is moving from Arch/Infra to Optimizer SIG and should be listed first chronologically.

Author: Added optimizer to the list.

  * Description: [High Level](landing-page), [GitHub](github-github-link-to-be-updated).
  * Meeting [agenda and notes](github-link-to-be-updated).
  * Slack channel: [onnx-mlir](slack-channel-link-to-be-updated)

> 

Reviewer 3: Can we separate out the inventory of current IHV backed projects/proposals from the preamble document describing the role and operational logistics of the SIG?

Reviewer 4: I think in itself it would be cleaner to do everything in different PRs, but well, for me the variant is also ok. 

also the current project should be listed there at the end...: https://github.com/onnx/optimizer 

Also the overview page has to be adapted https://github.com/freddychiu/sigs/blob/optimizations-sig/README.md 

I wonder should there be a separate slack channel for INC? I would choose one for optimizer in general

Author: I've simplified it such that it only lists the projects, and more details for each project would be contained in their corresponding directories. I've added optimizer in the list.

Added update to the overview page.
